Happy Diwali to you all! May God bless you!
It’s a nice occasion that we could all meet
together on this auspicious day. And actually
today is the day of the brothers and sisters.
It’s also very nice that you are all meeting
your brothers and sisters here and enjoying
this Diwali function. We had a very nice function
in India. And it was celebrated in Bombay
and they all salute their good wishes and
Happy Diwali to all of you. They all remembered
you very much. Now, today I am not going to
give you a speech. But I have to tell you
certain things about the Indian Tour that
we are going to have. Because I don’t think
I’ll be able to talk to you about it later
on. So, first of all I wanted to know the
girls who are engaged in India, can you get
up and – anyone of them are here. Those
girls who were engaged in India. They are
not here? None of them? So, I hope the leaders
know who were the girls engaged in their areas,
isn’t it? Now, you have to see that the
boys and the girls who were engaged. Are there
boys who were engaged in your area? Anybody
from Graz?
Sahaja Yogi: Thomas W.
Shri Mataji: Two boys from Graz?
SY: Yes. Thomas W., he is engaged to the daughter
of Dhumal.
Shri Mataji: But he is not getting married
this year. No, no, from Graz.
SY: Bernhard and Martin, Shri Mataji. They
are both on the tour.
Shri Mataji: They are both on the tour. So,
in the same way one should know that, say,
all those girls who are engaged anywhere – or
the boys who are engaged must come on this
tour. And you should consult Me, all of you,
all the leaders, sometimes, tomorrow to finalize
those who are coming, those who are not coming
and their photographs and their forms. I hope
you have brought it.
We’ve decided now on certain things which
your leaders must have told you that those
people who are on the tour shouldn’t bring
too many clothes and too many – what do
you call them – toiletries. (Laughter) Specially
for the ladies. Because some people have complained
that their hands started paining the way they
had to handle all these heavy things. (Shri
Mataji laughing) So, to be kind to them is
to bring some sort of a soft bag and we are
supplying you with six kurtas and six pyjamas
and also garments. For 36 pounds only. You
paid about, I think, 28 pounds for one kurta
pyjama in London. So this is going to be there.
Plus, for the ladies we’ve got six saris
and six blouses and six petticoats, very good
quality. Only for again 36 pounds. We had
put it 30 pounds but with just cutting very,
very sharp. So we have put it 36 pounds. With
one pound we have increased on every item.
For all the ladies. So, please don’t bring
too many western clothes, there’s no need.
Whatever you travel with you can travel back
with. And there are saris and petticoats,
everything available for you, we are working
it out. On your – the way you have sent
your measurements and you know how difficult
it is for so many people – 700 saris I’ve
bought so far. But if there are more ladies
going to come, I don’t know, we’ll have
to again arrange. Imagine, 700 saris and then
the saris have to be matched with blouses,
and the saris have to be also matched with
the petticoats. And every person has a different
measurement. So what a combination it is.
Just put into mathematically I don’t know
what raised to what (Shri Mataji laughing)
and same with the boys simple is that their
measurements are different, but otherwise
cloth is the same, not such a problem, because
ladies can’t have the same saris like a
uniform. So we had to buy different colors,
different things. So, it’s all we have done
all this work for you so that you don’t
bring big, big, huge suitcases. And now there’s
another decision has been taken: anybody brings
a very heavy, huge suitcase will be left in
Bombay, nobody is going to carry it. (Laughter
& applause)
You know, once we broke one of the top of
the buses. And this time the bus people refused
that, “We will not give you any buses any
more. Because you put very heavy luggage on
that.” So I have to make a very, very specific
request to you that, “Please, don’t bring
big bags.” You can buy something nice in
India if you want to bring some more things
from there. But just now, just for going and
coming what you have to do is to think about
these saris that you have already and also
one sleeping bag with a foam of our three
inches. That’s the thing that we have failed,
because we tried to make some mattresses in
India were spoiled by rain. So, foam is the
best thing, but with three inches on your
sleeping bag. Everybody should bring a sleeping
bag, no need – everybody should bring a
sleeping bag and in a sleeping bag you should
have three inches to four inches of foam,
three by six. And which you can leave it in
India and I don’t think then you will have
any trouble afterwards. The ones you had brought
before were very thin ones, they were no good.
So, this time bring only three to four inches
of foam, just ordinary foam. In India also
we get foam, the problem is the foam is not
that good and it might just give me. So it’s
better to bring foam from here. And try to
avoid to bring unnecessary things. There is
no need to bother because all the presents
and all that I’m going to carry for you.
So you don’t have to worry.
Those who have still thinking whether to go
or not to go should decide immediately. Look,
it’s going to be difficult – last minute
if somebody wants to come it’s impossible.
Last time some people had to walk, because
we cannot have a bus for five people who are
coming late or ten people who are coming late.
So the best thing is you should all decide
those who want to come and should pay your
money and complete the whole thing. Money
should be paid as soon as possible, because
I’ll be going on this Sunday. So it should
be something tomorrow or day after you should
be able to pay all your money. All the leaders
must pay their money and should manage the
show.
Now the marriages’ proposals and all that
we have got already. And all the leaders must
give marriage proposals to Me tomorrow which
we’ll decide here and will finalize it here
as many as possible. And then we have to ask
people. But now one should not be also sort
of – some people say, “We don’t want
to marry Indians”. Some people say, “We
don’t want to…” – specially Australians
did say so. But now we discovered that all
Australians were caught up. One person went
who was horrible. All were caught up except
for the Indians. Indians don’t catch. They
don’t catch, they don’t have ego. And
egos are stupid, idiotic things they do, very
stupid and idiotic things, with ego.
So that’s what it is, they don’t catch,
they don’t do these things. I mean, they
are consistent. So to say, “We’ll not
have Indians”, it’s another non-sensical
thing. How many Indians could say, “We don’t
want these countries, or that country”,
but that’s not Sahaj. So one should not
say like that. There’s one thing good about
them – they never catch. And they don’t
loose their vibrations. We have only one single
example so far in India who got vibrations
and lost it – one person among all of them.
So that’s one thing about them, they don’t
loose their vibrations. Maybe somebody who
has come here might have lost, I don’t know,
but as far as India is concerned one single
example we know.
So this is the point one has to remember not
to say, “I don’t want to marry an Indian,
I don’t want to marry an Egyptian and I
don’t want to marry a certain thing.”
This is not allowed in Sahaja Yoga, we don’t
believe in cast, creed, race or any country.
If you are so conscious about your races you
better give up Sahaja Yoga. It’s a simple
thing as that. Because now it has been shown
clearly that we have false ideas about ourselves.
So, this is another point that you should
not say, of course – I mean, if you don’t
want to go out of your country, you can say,
“I don’t want to go out of my country.”
That’s a different thing. But what is your
country? That means you are not yet in Sahaj.
If you are in the ocean of Sahaja then you
don’t think – ocean doesn’t say that,
“This is my shore, that is my shore.”
It’s just an ocean. If you have understood
Sahaj then you must accept Sahaj ways of life.
One of them is we are not to believe in all
this non-sensical ideas of boundaries that
have come to us. You could have been born
in anywhere. And you are told from childhood
that you are English or you are Indian, you
are this you are that, it’s all conditioning.
And a very subtle conditioning, we should
get rid of it. It’s better that we try now
to get rid of it. And if you don’t feel
like marrying you can say that, “We don’t
want to marry.” Nobody is forced in Sahaja
Yoga, as you know that. You must tell Me beforehand,
no brainwashing, nothing, in all your freedom,
in all your glory you must say, “Yes”,
otherwise I will not allow you to marry anyone.
No compulsion of any kind, I have told you
100 times. Nobody is compelled. If you don’t
want to marry just say, “No”, that’s
all.
So, after this time the program is all very
fine in Ganapatipule, because I have kept
two days extra on the 29th, we’ll finish,
but 30th and 31st, two days for all of you
to go to Alibag. Now, some people, if they
are leaving later on also can stay in Alibag
for no more payment or anything. And those
who have to leave on the 1st can leave from
Alibag. So two days we have kept there where
married couples can meet and decide about
things. So it will be time for you to decide
what you want to do and talk to your bride
or your husband, whatever may be the case.
So that there is no problem on that. And then
it won’t happen that you just get married
and run away sort of thing won’t happen.
(Shri Mataji laughing) So you will meet each
other and that will be a nice time to talk
to each other and find out about others. Now,
any questions? You please ask Me, just now.
About going to India.
One more point they were saying that supposing
we come for 10 days or five days, all right,
it’s all right, can be arrangement, you
have to come on your own, we can’t arrange
your coming and also the payment part, you
have to pay, because we have to pay wholesale
price for everything.
So this time we cannot give concessions of
that kind that we did last time. Because everything
is now catered, a catering is there, it’s
not done by Sahaja Yoga. So we have to pay
the caterer the money beforehand. And if you
don’t pay, who is going to pay, is the point.
So, if you can’t pay just don’t come.
If you can pay come along. And the minimum
of minimum we have tried to keep everything
minimum of minimum. So can you imagine in
36 pounds you can’t get six saris, six petticoats,
six blouses anywhere. Rommel must be wondering
how am I going to manage (Shri Mataji laughing)
– it’s impossible, but this has happened.
You are lucky people. (Shri Mataji laughing)
That’s all I can say.
So – no question? No questions? No question?
Marcus? Where are you going to come? Is he
willing to marry?
Anybody who has questions please ask now or
let Me know before
I leave, all right? Any question.